Mithril update 2024-08-21 (#448)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-08-21-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-08-21-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team finished their work on the certification of Cardano stake distribution. They completed the implementation of the client library, the client CLI and the client npm package. The draft CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network has been created as a PR on the [CIPs repository](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/876). Additionally, they have implemented a mechanism in the client which helps supporting evolutive configuration options, and they started working on a proof-of-concept for implementing the signature diffusion with the Cardano network layer.
> 
> The team also created a new runbook in the documentation and worked on external contributions to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team has completed their work on certifying Cardano's stake distribution. They implemented the client library, client CLI, and client NPM package. Additionally, they drafted a CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network, which is available in a PR on the [CIPs repository](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/876). 

They also implemented a mechanism in the client to support evolutive configuration options and initiated a proof of concept for integrating signature diffusion with the Cardano network layer. Finally, they created a new runbook in the documentation and made progress on external contributions to the repository.
```
